Docs: Keyring Migration & Events (#8895)
cosmos/cosmos-sdk: docs/architecture/adr-041-in-place-store-migrations.md

}
```

> Each module's migration functions are specific to the module's store evolutions, and are not described in this ADR. An example of x/bank store key migrations following the introduction of ADR-028 length-prefixed addresses can be seen [here](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/blob/36f68eb9e041e20a5bb47e216ac5eb8b91f95471/x/bank/legacy/v043/store.go#L41-L62).

Author: ref: https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/pull/8814#issuecomment-793143895

> Each module's migration functions are specific to the module's store evolutions, and are not described in this ADR. An example of x/bank store key migrations following the introduction of ADR-028 length-prefixed addresses can be seen [here](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/blob/36f68eb9e041e20a5bb47e216ac5eb8b91f95471/x/bank/legacy/v043/store.go#L41-L62).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each module's migration functions are specific to the module's store evolutions, and are not described in this ADR. An example of x/bank store key migrations after the introduction of ADR-028 length-prefixed addresses can be seen in this [store.go code](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/blob/36f68eb9e041e20a5bb47e216ac5eb8b91f95471/x/bank/legacy/v043/store.go#L41-L62).
```

Reviewer: We really help our readers by using descriptive link test instead of [here] 
see this [Google developer documentation style guide](https://developers.google.com/style/link-text) advice
